Final check and minor fixes for the WCIB Maths Teacher Hub.

Important:
Keep the current layout, fonts, colours, and general design.
Do not redesign the page.
Do not change the resource cards or data logic unless needed for the fixes below.
Make small targeted changes only.

1. Replace the school logo
Remove the current Wellington College logo from the header/sidebar.
Replace it with a generic maths logo or simple generic icon.
It must not visually associate the page with the school crest or official school branding.
Keep the same size and spacing as the current logo.

2. Check the term/week box logic
Inspect the left panel box that currently shows:
“Michaelmas Term”
“Week 1 of 14” or “Loading…”

Make this dynamic and time-based.
It should update automatically based on the current date.

For the 2026/27 school year:
- The term should start as Term 1 2026/27 from the school start date in August 2026.
- Replace “Michaelmas Term” with “Term 1 2026/27”.
- Show the correct week number once the term starts.
- Before the term starts, show “Term 1 2026/27” and “Starts soon” or a countdown-style label.
- Do not leave it as “Loading…”.

Use a simple configurable constant near the top of the script, such as:
TERM_1_START_DATE = "2026-08-24"
TERM_1_WEEKS = 14

If the actual start date is already defined elsewhere, use the existing date source instead of duplicating it.

3. Update Student Hub links
Update every Student Hub / Student Maths Hub link to:
https://wcibmaths.github.io/student-hub/

This includes:
- left panel Student Hub
- top button Student Maths Hub
- any other student hub link in the page

4. Update Scheme of Work links
Update every Scheme of Work / Open SoW link to:
https://wcibmaths.github.io/sow/

This includes:
- left panel Scheme of Work
- main Scheme of Work feature card
- Open SoW button
- any other SoW link in the page

5. Replace left panel Daily/Admin sections with Key Dates
Remove the “Daily” and “Admin” headings from the left panel.
Remove the empty-looking navigation grouping created by those headings.

In that space, add a compact Key Dates panel in the left sidebar.
Use the same style and structure as the current Key Dates card, but smaller and sidebar-friendly.

The sidebar Key Dates panel should include two sections:
A. Academic Key Dates
B. Upcoming External Exams

Keep it clean and readable.
Use only the next few upcoming items, not a long list.
Do not make the sidebar too crowded.

6. Update Key Dates term label
Replace “Trinity Term 2025/26” with a dynamic time-based term label.
From August 2026, it should show:
“Term 1 2026/27”

This should update from the same date/term logic as the left panel.

7. Move Assessment Hub and Maths Team Folder
Move “Assessment Hub” and “Maths Team Folder” out of the middle top card row if this improves teacher access and reduces scrolling.

Place them somewhere more useful, such as:
- a small “Quick Access” section near the top right, or
- a compact row above Teaching Resources, or
- inside the right panel above Assessment & Data

Keep both links easy to find without scrolling.
Do not remove them.
Keep the existing SharePoint URLs unchanged.

8. Link check
After making changes, check that:
- Student Hub links go to https://wcibmaths.github.io/student-hub/
- Scheme of Work links go to https://wcibmaths.github.io/sow/
- Pearson external timetable link is still present
- Assessment Hub SharePoint link is still present
- Maths Team Folder SharePoint link is still present
- Teaching resource links remain unchanged

Do not change private SharePoint links unless they are broken in the current code.

Show me the diff before committing.